lifegame/README.md, before:

# lifegame

A Python package implementing Conway's Game of Life with multiple rule variations and rendering modes.

## Features

- Multiple rule variations (Standard Conway, Day & Night, HighLife)
- Advanced rendering modes (full block and half block characters)
- Flexible command-line interface
- Toroidal (wraparound) grid behavior

## Installation

```bash
pip install lifegame
```

## Usage

### Command Line Interface

The package provides a command-line interface for running Conway's Game of Life simulations with various configurations.

Basic usage:

```bash
lifegame-run --width 20 --height 10 --iterations 50 --delay 0.2 --rules standard --display full
```

#### Available Options

- `--width`: Width of the grid (default: 20)
- `--height`: Height of the grid (default: 10)
- `--iterations`: Number of iterations to run (default: 50)
- `--delay`: Delay between iterations in seconds (default: 0.2)
- `--rules`: Rule set to use (choices: standard, daynight, highlife; default: standard)
- `--display`: Display mode to use (choices: full, half; default: full)
- `--input`: Path to a file containing the initial grid
- `--random`: Generate a random initial grid

For help and all available options:

```bash
lifegame-run --help
```

### Examples

#### Running with Different Rule Sets

Standard Conway rules:
```bash
lifegame-run --rules standard
```

Day & Night rules:
```bash
lifegame-run --rules daynight
```

HighLife rules:
```bash
lifegame-run --rules highlife
```

#### Using Different Display Modes

Full block rendering (standard resolution):
```bash
lifegame-run --display full
```

Half block rendering (doubled vertical resolution):
```bash
lifegame-run --display half
```

#### Loading Custom Patterns

From a file:
```bash
lifegame-run --input patterns/glider.txt
```

Generate a random grid:
```bash
lifegame-run --random --width 30 --height 15
```

### Grid File Format

When creating custom grid files, use the following format:
- Use `1` or `█` for alive cells
- Use `0` or space for dead cells
- Ensure all rows have the same width

Example (glider pattern):
```
 █ 
  █
███
```

## Development

To set up the development environment:

1. Clone the repository
2. Install poetry if not already installed: `pip install poetry`
3. Install dependencies: `poetry install`
4. Run tests: `poetry run pytest`

### Running Tests

To run all tests:
```bash
poetry run pytest
```

To run tests with verbose output:
```bash
poetry run pytest -v
```

To run specific test files:
```bash
poetry run pytest tests/test_game.py
```

### Continuous Integration

This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration. The workflow automatically:

1. Runs all tests on every push and pull request that affects the `lifegame` directory
2. Verifies that the package can be built and installed
3. Checks that the CLI command works correctly

You can manually trigger the CI workflow from the Actions tab in the GitHub repository.

### Docker

A Docker image is available for running the lifegame package:

```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -f Dockerfile.lifegame -t lifegame .

# Run the lifegame CLI with Docker
docker run lifegame --width 30 --height 15 --iterations 100 --rules highlife

# Run with a specific pattern (mount a volume to access local files)
docker run -v $(pwd)/patterns:/patterns lifegame --input /patterns/glider.txt
```

## Environment Variables

The lifegame package does not require any environment variables for normal operation.

For development purposes, you may want to set:

- `PYTHONPATH`: Include the project root directory if working with the source code directly
- `POETRY_VIRTUALENVS_IN_PROJECT=true`: Keep Poetry's virtual environments within the project directory

## License

See the LICENSE file in the root directory for license information.

Commit message:

feat: add no-clear option for better Docker experience
- Added --no-clear option to prevent screen flickering in Docker - Updated Dockerfile to use the no-clear option - Updated README with documentation for the new option

#1 increase resolution of life and package it up

lifegame/README.md, after:

# lifegame

A Python package implementing Conway's Game of Life with multiple rule variations and rendering modes.

## Features

- Multiple rule variations (Standard Conway, Day & Night, HighLife)
- Advanced rendering modes (full block and half block characters)
- Flexible command-line interface
- Toroidal (wraparound) grid behavior

## Installation

```bash
pip install lifegame
```

## Usage

### Command Line Interface

The package provides a command-line interface for running Conway's Game of Life simulations with various configurations.

Basic usage:

```bash
lifegame-run --width 20 --height 10 --iterations 50 --delay 0.2 --rules standard --display full
```

#### Available Options

- `--width`: Width of the grid (default: 20)
- `--height`: Height of the grid (default: 10)
- `--iterations`: Number of iterations to run (default: 50)
- `--delay`: Delay between iterations in seconds (default: 0.2)
- `--rules`: Rule set to use (choices: standard, daynight, highlife; default: standard)
- `--display`: Display mode to use (choices: full, half; default: full)
- `--input`: Path to a file containing the initial grid
- `--random`: Generate a random initial grid
- `--no-clear`: Don't clear the screen between iterations (better for Docker/CI environments)

For help and all available options:

```bash
lifegame-run --help
```

### Examples

#### Running with Different Rule Sets

Standard Conway rules:
```bash
lifegame-run --rules standard
```

Day & Night rules:
```bash
lifegame-run --rules daynight
```

HighLife rules:
```bash
lifegame-run --rules highlife
```

#### Using Different Display Modes

Full block rendering (standard resolution):
```bash
lifegame-run --display full
```

Half block rendering (doubled vertical resolution):
```bash
lifegame-run --display half
```

#### Loading Custom Patterns

From a file:
```bash
lifegame-run --input patterns/glider.txt
```

Generate a random grid:
```bash
lifegame-run --random --width 30 --height 15
```

### Grid File Format

When creating custom grid files, use the following format:
- Use `1` or `█` for alive cells
- Use `0` or space for dead cells
- Ensure all rows have the same width

Example (glider pattern):
```
 █ 
  █
███
```

## Development

To set up the development environment:

1. Clone the repository
2. Install poetry if not already installed: `pip install poetry`
3. Install dependencies: `poetry install`
4. Run tests: `poetry run pytest`

### Running Tests

To run all tests:
```bash
poetry run pytest
```

To run tests with verbose output:
```bash
poetry run pytest -v
```

To run specific test files:
```bash
poetry run pytest tests/test_game.py
```

### Continuous Integration

This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration. The workflow automatically:

1. Runs all tests on every push and pull request that affects the `lifegame` directory
2. Verifies that the package can be built and installed
3. Checks that the CLI command works correctly

You can manually trigger the CI workflow from the Actions tab in the GitHub repository.

### Docker

A Docker image is available for running the lifegame package:

```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -f Dockerfile.lifegame -t lifegame .

# Run the lifegame CLI with Docker (using the included pattern)
docker run lifegame

# Run with specific options
docker run lifegame --width 30 --height 15 --iterations 100 --rules highlife --random

# Run with a specific pattern (mount a volume to access local files)
docker run -v $(pwd)/patterns:/patterns lifegame --input /patterns/glider.txt
```

## Environment Variables

The lifegame package does not require any environment variables for normal operation.

For development purposes, you may want to set:

- `PYTHONPATH`: Include the project root directory if working with the source code directly
- `POETRY_VIRTUALENVS_IN_PROJECT=true`: Keep Poetry's virtual environments within the project directory

## License

See the LICENSE file in the root directory for license information.
