README.md, before:

# hey 👋, nice to meet you. I am `codekiln`

## Systems Architect, AI Engineer, [Cyborg](https://codekiln.github.io/logseq-encode-garden/)

- 🌱 EdTech - AI pedagogy
- 🎹 piano fun: - https://soundcloud.com/codekiln

<a href="https://www.github.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/codekiln?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=0891b2&labelColor=000000" /></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.x.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-%40codekiln-0891b2?logo=x&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000" /></a> &nbsp;

## Installation

This repository includes a Conway's Game of Life implementation and a GitHub bio updater. For setup instructions, see [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md).

### Skills

<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/javascript/F7DF1E" alt="JavaScript" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/python/3776AB" alt="Python" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/typescript/3178C6" alt="TypeScript" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="Java" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.php.net/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/php/777BB4" alt="PHP" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.r-project.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/r/276DC3" alt="R" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.scala-lang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/scala/DC322F" alt="Scala" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/vuedotjs/4FC08D" alt="Vue" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/gatsby/663399" alt="Gatsby" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/css3/1572B6" alt="CSS3" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/sass/CC6699" alt="Sass" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/react/61DAFB" alt="React" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/html5/E34F26" alt="HTML5" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mui/007FFF" alt="Material UI" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://redux.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/redux/764ABC" alt="Redux" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://webpack.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/webpack/8DD6F9" alt="Webpack" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nodedotjs/339933" alt="NodeJS" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://static.djangoproject.com/img/logos/django-logo-negative.svg" alt="Django" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://graphql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/graphql/E10098" alt="GraphQL" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mongodb/47A248" alt="MongoDB" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mysql/4479A1" alt="MySQL" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/postgresql/4169E1" alt="PostgreSQL" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/firebase/FFCA28" alt="Firebase" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/fastapi/009688" alt="Fast API" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/git/F05032" alt="Git" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://gitlab.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/gitlab/FC6D26" alt="GitLab" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/linux/FCC624" alt="Linux" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.tensorflow.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/tensorflow/FF6F00" alt="TensorFlow" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/pytorch/EE4C2C" alt="PyTorch" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://d1.awsstatic.com/logos/aws-logo-lockups/poweredbyaws/PB_AWS_logo_RGB_stacked_REV_SQ.91cd4af40773cbfbd15577a3c2b8a346fe3e8fa2.png" alt="Amazon Web Services" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/docker/2496ED" alt="Docker" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.terraform.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/terraform/7B42BC" alt="Terraform" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.ansible.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/ansible/EE0000" alt="Ansible" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://reasonml.github.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/reason/FF5740" alt="ReasonML" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/visual-studio-code-1.svg" alt="VS Code" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://cursor.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://www.cursor.com/assets/videos/logo/placeholder-logo.webp" alt="Cursor" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://resources.jetbrains.com/storage/products/company/brand/logos/PyCharm_icon.svg" alt="PyCharm" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;

### Social

<a href="https://www.github.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
<picture>
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/github/white" />
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/github/black" />
<img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/github/black" alt="github" />
</picture>
</a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.x.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
<picture>
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/x/white" />
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/x/black" />
<img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/x/black" alt="X (Twitter)" />
</picture>
</a> &nbsp;


### Badges
#### My GitHub Stats

<a
href="http://www.github.com/codekiln"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=codekiln&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=000000&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="codekiln's GitHub stats" /></a> <br/>
<br/>
<a href="http://www.github.com/codekiln"><img
src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=codekiln&stroke=ffffff&background=000000&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a> <br/>
<br/>
<a href="http://www.github.com/codekiln"><img width="75%" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=codekiln&bg_color=000000&color=ffffff&line=0891b2&point=ffffff&area_color=000000&area=true&hide_border=true&custom_title=GitHub%20Commits%20Graph" /></a> <br/>
<br/>

Commit message:

Add USAGE.md with detailed command-line options documentation

README.md, after:

# hey 👋, nice to meet you. I am `codekiln`

## Systems Architect, AI Engineer, [Cyborg](https://codekiln.github.io/logseq-encode-garden/)

- 🌱 EdTech - AI pedagogy
- 🎹 piano fun: - https://soundcloud.com/codekiln

<a href="https://www.github.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/codekiln?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=0891b2&labelColor=000000" /></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.x.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-%40codekiln-0891b2?logo=x&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000" /></a> &nbsp;

## Installation

This repository includes a Conway's Game of Life implementation and a GitHub bio updater (see the adjacent bio for an example). For setup instructions, see [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md). For detailed usage instructions and command-line options, see [USAGE.md](USAGE.md).

### Skills

<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/javascript/F7DF1E" alt="JavaScript" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/python/3776AB" alt="Python" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/typescript/3178C6" alt="TypeScript" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="Java" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.php.net/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/php/777BB4" alt="PHP" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.r-project.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/r/276DC3" alt="R" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.scala-lang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/scala/DC322F" alt="Scala" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/vuedotjs/4FC08D" alt="Vue" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/gatsby/663399" alt="Gatsby" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/css3/1572B6" alt="CSS3" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/sass/CC6699" alt="Sass" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/react/61DAFB" alt="React" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/html5/E34F26" alt="HTML5" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mui/007FFF" alt="Material UI" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://redux.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/redux/764ABC" alt="Redux" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://webpack.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/webpack/8DD6F9" alt="Webpack" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nodedotjs/339933" alt="NodeJS" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://static.djangoproject.com/img/logos/django-logo-negative.svg" alt="Django" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://graphql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/graphql/E10098" alt="GraphQL" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mongodb/47A248" alt="MongoDB" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mysql/4479A1" alt="MySQL" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/postgresql/4169E1" alt="PostgreSQL" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/firebase/FFCA28" alt="Firebase" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/fastapi/009688" alt="Fast API" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/git/F05032" alt="Git" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://gitlab.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/gitlab/FC6D26" alt="GitLab" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/linux/FCC624" alt="Linux" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.tensorflow.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/tensorflow/FF6F00" alt="TensorFlow" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/pytorch/EE4C2C" alt="PyTorch" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://d1.awsstatic.com/logos/aws-logo-lockups/poweredbyaws/PB_AWS_logo_RGB_stacked_REV_SQ.91cd4af40773cbfbd15577a3c2b8a346fe3e8fa2.png" alt="Amazon Web Services" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/docker/2496ED" alt="Docker" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.terraform.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/terraform/7B42BC" alt="Terraform" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.ansible.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/ansible/EE0000" alt="Ansible" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://reasonml.github.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/reason/FF5740" alt="ReasonML" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/visual-studio-code-1.svg" alt="VS Code" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://cursor.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://www.cursor.com/assets/videos/logo/placeholder-logo.webp" alt="Cursor" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><picture>
<img height="36" width="36" src="https://resources.jetbrains.com/storage/products/company/brand/logos/PyCharm_icon.svg" alt="PyCharm" />
</picture></a> &nbsp;

### Social

<a href="https://www.github.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
<picture>
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/github/white" />
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/github/black" />
<img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/github/black" alt="github" />
</picture>
</a> &nbsp;
<a href="https://www.x.com/codekiln" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
<picture>
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/x/white" />
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/x/black" />
<img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/x/black" alt="X (Twitter)" />
</picture>
</a> &nbsp;


### Badges
#### My GitHub Stats

<a
href="http://www.github.com/codekiln"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=codekiln&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=000000&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="codekiln's GitHub stats" /></a> <br/>
<br/>
<a href="http://www.github.com/codekiln"><img
src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=codekiln&stroke=ffffff&background=000000&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a> <br/>
<br/>
<a href="http://www.github.com/codekiln"><img width="75%" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=codekiln&bg_color=000000&color=ffffff&line=0891b2&point=ffffff&area_color=000000&area=true&hide_border=true&custom_title=GitHub%20Commits%20Graph" /></a> <br/>
<br/>
