USAGE.md, before:

# Conway Bio Usage Guide

This guide explains how to use the `conway-bio.py` script to update your GitHub bio with Conway's Game of Life patterns.

## Basic Usage

```bash
python conway-bio.py
```

This will:
1. Fetch your current GitHub bio
2. Evolve it according to Conway's Game of Life rules
3. Update your GitHub bio with the new pattern

## Command-Line Options

### Grid Dimensions

The script uses a default grid size of 5 rows × 33 columns, but you can customize this:

```bash
# Set custom number of rows
python conway-bio.py --rows 4

# Set custom number of columns
python conway-bio.py --columns 30

# Set maximum character length (default is 160)
python conway-bio.py --max-length 100
```

**Note:** GitHub bio has a maximum character limit of 160. If your grid exceeds this limit, the script will truncate it and display a warning.

### Game Rules

```bash
# Use standard Conway's Game of Life rules (default)
python conway-bio.py --rules standard

# Use HighLife rules (similar to standard but with an additional birth rule)
python conway-bio.py --rules highlife

# Use Day & Night rules (a more complex ruleset)
python conway-bio.py --rules daynight
```

### Display Modes

```bash
# Use full display mode with block characters (default)
python conway-bio.py --display full

# Use half display mode with white/black circle characters
python conway-bio.py --display half
```

### Randomization

```bash
# Randomize the board based on the current day (creates a consistent pattern for each day)
python conway-bio.py --random-by-day

# Randomize the board with a specific density (0.0 to 1.0, where higher values create more live cells)
python conway-bio.py --randomize-board 0.3
```

### Preview Mode

```bash
# Preview the evolution for a specific number of iterations without updating GitHub
python conway-bio.py --preview 5
```

### Input File

```bash
# Use a specific file as input instead of fetching from GitHub
python conway-bio.py --input my_pattern.txt
```

## Examples

```bash
# Preview 3 iterations of a random board with 30% live cells
python conway-bio.py --preview 3 --randomize-board 0.3

# Use a 4×30 grid with HighLife rules
python conway-bio.py --rows 4 --columns 30 --rules highlife

# Create a pattern that changes daily and preview it
python conway-bio.py --random-by-day --preview 2

# Use half display mode with a maximum length of 100 characters
python conway-bio.py --display half --max-length 100
```

## GitHub Bio Integration

For the script to update your GitHub bio, you need to:

1. Create a GitHub Personal Access Token with the `user` scope
2. Set it in a `.env` file as `PAT_GITHUB=your_token_here`

See [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md) for detailed setup instructions.

Commit message:

Add improved error handling for bio length limitations

USAGE.md, after:

# Conway Bio Usage Guide

This guide explains how to use the `conway-bio.py` script to update your GitHub bio with Conway's Game of Life patterns.

## Basic Usage

```bash
python conway-bio.py
```

This will:
1. Fetch your current GitHub bio
2. Evolve it according to Conway's Game of Life rules
3. Update your GitHub bio with the new pattern

## Command-Line Options

### Grid Dimensions

The script uses a default grid size of 5 rows × 33 columns, but you can customize this:

```bash
# Set custom number of rows
python conway-bio.py --rows 4

# Set custom number of columns
python conway-bio.py --columns 30

# Set maximum character length (default is 160)
python conway-bio.py --max-length 100
```

**Note:** GitHub bio has a maximum character limit of 160. If your grid exceeds this limit, the script will automatically adjust the dimensions to fit within the limit while trying to maintain the aspect ratio. You'll see a warning message with the adjusted dimensions.

### Bio Length Handling

The script includes smart handling of bio length limitations:

1. **Automatic Dimension Adjustment**: If your specified grid dimensions would exceed the maximum bio length, the script automatically calculates and uses safe dimensions.

2. **Display Mode Optimization**: When using half display mode, the script can fit approximately twice as many cells since each row is half the height.

3. **Truncation**: If necessary, the script will truncate the bio to ensure it stays within GitHub's character limit.

4. **Clear Warnings**: The script provides clear warnings when adjustments are made, showing both the original and adjusted dimensions.

Example of automatic adjustment:
```bash
# This would exceed the 160 character limit (10×20=200)
python conway-bio.py --rows 10 --columns 20
# The script will automatically adjust to dimensions that fit
```

### Game Rules

```bash
# Use standard Conway's Game of Life rules (default)
python conway-bio.py --rules standard

# Use HighLife rules (similar to standard but with an additional birth rule)
python conway-bio.py --rules highlife

# Use Day & Night rules (a more complex ruleset)
python conway-bio.py --rules daynight
```

### Display Modes

```bash
# Use full display mode with block characters (default)
python conway-bio.py --display full

# Use half display mode with white/black circle characters
python conway-bio.py --display half
```

### Randomization

```bash
# Randomize the board based on the current day (creates a consistent pattern for each day)
python conway-bio.py --random-by-day

# Randomize the board with a specific density (0.0 to 1.0, where higher values create more live cells)
python conway-bio.py --randomize-board 0.3
```

### Preview Mode

```bash
# Preview the evolution for a specific number of iterations without updating GitHub
python conway-bio.py --preview 5
```

### Input File

```bash
# Use a specific file as input instead of fetching from GitHub
python conway-bio.py --input my_pattern.txt
```

## Examples

```bash
# Preview 3 iterations of a random board with 30% live cells
python conway-bio.py --preview 3 --randomize-board 0.3

# Use a 4×30 grid with HighLife rules
python conway-bio.py --rows 4 --columns 30 --rules highlife

# Create a pattern that changes daily and preview it
python conway-bio.py --random-by-day --preview 2

# Use half display mode with a maximum length of 100 characters
python conway-bio.py --display half --max-length 100
```

## GitHub Bio Integration

For the script to update your GitHub bio, you need to:

1. Create a GitHub Personal Access Token with the `user` scope
2. Set it in a `.env` file as `PAT_GITHUB=your_token_here`

See [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md) for detailed setup instructions.
